We've now created a deployment.
So now we're going to take a look at a couple of commands we can use to inspect that deployment and
manipulate it in some fashion.
The first command we're going to take a look at is it'll get deployments.
That's going to list out all the running deployments we have on our cluster.
So I'll do a little bit deployments and we'll see that we have one deployment called Post Dash Depot.
On here is a red number up to date and available ready is the number of pods that we are trying to create.
So that's the number on the right of the little slash right there.
And then on the left hand side is the number of pods that are up and running and ready to receive some
traffic or do some work.
We've also got the number of up to date pods because remember, we use deployments to manage updating
the versions of some code or application running inside these pods and then the number of pods that
are available and again, ready to do some work for us.
Of course, we can also now print out the pods we have running inside of our cluster as well.
We should see one pod that has been created automatically by this deployment so we can do a to get pods.
And right there is the pod that was created by our deployment.
Now, very interestingly, if you and I tried to delete this pod that was created by the deployment,
the deployment is going to see that that pod has mysteriously disappeared.
And so it's going to attempt to recreate the pod for us.
Let's try doing that right now.
I'm going to delete that pod that was created by the deployment with a cube CTL delete.
Odd.
And then I'll put in the name of the pod.
So I'm going to copy paste that name right there.
Remember the first post right there, just as a reminder, that is the pod that we created in the last
couple of videos when we were working with pods initially.
All right, so I'll delete that pod.
I'm going to have to wait a second or two.
And after that command is completed, we can then get our pods again.
And you'll notice.
Wait a minute.
We've still got two pods.
Well, not quite.
Take a look at the exact name of the pod that we just deleted.
It was post double, then some ID and then some other part of an ID and then take a look at the next
one down here.
You'll notice that the last part of that ID is completely different.
In addition, the age of this pod right here is only 11 seconds.
So the instant we deleted the old pod.
Our deployment automatically created a new one for us.
So I think you can start to see how using deployments to manage some workloads inside of our application
are really fantastic.
If anything starts to go wrong, well, Kubernetes has our back.
It's going to automatically try to repair our application.
Now a couple more commands here.
First off is to describe deployment.
So we can use this to print out some information about a specific deployment.
And again, we're going to usually do this any time that we're trying to debug a deployment and figure
out why it's not working correctly.
So we can do a little describe deployment.
And then the name of our deployment was back up.
Here is Post Dash Depot.
So you can see there is once again a lot of gibberish information here.
Over time, a lot of this stuff will start to make sense.
But right now, well, it's just a lot of information.
Again, the most important part is the events down here.
It's going to tell you about what is going on inside of your deployment.
Next up, we can create a deployment out of a config file using that same QC to apply F command.
And finally, if we need to delete a deployment, yep, it'll delete deployment so we can do a CTL delete
deployment.
Of post double.
As soon as we delete that deployment, all the associated pods are going to be deleted as well.
So I should be able to do a little get pods and I'll see that I don't have any pod related to that deployment
running anymore.
So the instant the deployment goes away, all the associated pods disappear as well.
I can then recreate the deployment with the ETL apply chef post dash double.
Then I'll get my deployments again.
Yep.
There it is.
And my pods.
And there's the pod created by the deployment.
Cool.
Now, while we're looking at our list of plots here, I'm going to delete that old pod that we had created
manually from a couple of videos ago.
So I'm going to do a little delete pod pose again just to get rid of that thing, because we usually
do not create pods manually because if they crash for any reason, then we don't have anything to start
them back up.
And once that's deleted, very good.
We'll go ahead and take a pause right here.
One last thing I want to show you around deployments in just a moment.